ID	Name	PrepTime	BakeTime	Quantity	Ingredients	Instructions	Protein	Category
1	Crispy Beer Batter Fish & Chips	15	10	4 fillets	1 cup self-rising flour;2 tablespoons rice flour;¼ teaspoon baking powder;4 (6 ounce) cod fillets, fully thawed if frozen;2 tablespoons rice flour, or as needed;salt to taste;1 cup lager-style beer, or more as needed;vegetable oil for frying	1. Whisk self-rising flour, rice flour, and baking powder together in a bowl. Freeze until ready to use.;2. Pat fish as dry as possible. Cut pieces lengthwise to get eight 1-inch thick strips. Place rice flour on a plate and season with salt. Dust fish lightly with the mixture and shake off excess. Cover a plate with crinkled foil to make a quick drying rack, place fish on top.;3. Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).;4. Pour beer into the flour mixture and whisk, adding more as needed, until batter is the consistency of thick pancake batter. Dip fish pieces into the batter to coat, lift out and let excess drip off.;5. Fry fish in batches until golden brown, dunking occasionally if needed, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve immediately.	Seafood	Entree
2	Pretzel Turtles	10	4	20 candies	20 small mini pretzels;20 chocolate covered caramel candies;20 pecan halves	1. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).;2. Arrange the pretzels in a single layer on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Place one chocolate covered caramel candy on each pretzel.;3. Bake for 4 minutes. While the candy is warm, press a pecan half onto each candy covered pretzel. Cool completely before storing in an airtight container.	Dessert	Dessert
3	BBQ Pork for Sandwiches	15	270	12 servings	1 (14 ounce) can beef broth;3 pounds boneless pork ribs;1 (18 ounce) bottle barbeque sauce	1. Pour can of beef broth into slow cooker, and add boneless pork ribs. Cook on High heat for 4 hours, or until meat shreds easily. Remove meat, and shred with two forks. It will seem that it's not working right away, but it will.;2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Transfer the shredded pork to a Dutch oven or iron skillet, and stir in barbeque sauce.;3. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until heated through.	Pork	Entree
4	Loaded Cauliflower	10	45	4 servings	1 head cauliflower;½ cup sour cream;½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese;1 teaspoon dry ranch salad dressing mix (such as Hidden Valley Ranch®);½ teaspoon onion powder;½ teaspoon garlic powder;1 tablespoon butter, cut into small pieces, or more to taste	1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).;2. Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer cauliflower to a bowl, mash, and strain excess water.;3. Mix cauliflower, sour cream, Cheddar cheese, ranch dressing mix, onion powder, and garlic powder together in a 9-inch baking dish, top with butter.;4. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, 30 to 45 minutes.	Vegatable	Appetizer
5	Chicken Parmesan	25	45	4 servings	4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves;salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste;2 eggs;1 cup panko bread crumbs, or more as needed;½ cup grated Parmesan cheese;2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or more if needed;1 cup olive oil for frying;½ cup prepared tomato sauce;¼ cup fresh mozzarella, cut into small cubes;¼ cup chopped fresh basil;½ cup grated provolone cheese;¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese;1 tablespoon olive oil	1. Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).;2. Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch. Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper.;3. Beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside.;4. Mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside.;5. Place flour in a sifter or strainer, sprinkle over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sides.;6. Dip flour coated chicken breast in beaten eggs. Transfer breast to breadcrumb mixture, pressing the crumbs into both sides. Repeat for each breast. Set aside breaded chicken breasts for about 15 minutes.;7. Heat 1 cup olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook chicken until golden, about 2 minutes on each side. The chicken will finish cooking in the oven.;8. Place chicken in a baking dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of tomato sauce. Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese. Sprinkle 1 to 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese on top and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil.;9. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly, and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).	Chicken	Entree
